We already know and understand how dependency injection is handled by spring.
Now let's talk about how we provide properties and configuration to our applications.
Our first and probably the most important way of providing configuration to our application is by using
application properties files with application properties files.
You can configure almost anything in your application from application name so report database your
credentials and so on.
You have thousands of properties that you can use to configure your app depending on your setup it looks
like this.
It has a very clean and intuitive syntax for providing configuration.
You can even comment on your properties application properties will be the way of application configuration
through out to tutorials.
So hold on.
We'll be digging into more of it in the next sections.
Next up is application that UML application e-mail is another important option for configuring your
application.
If you're developing for the cloud or intending to do all of cloud native applications YAML files are
a good option because they are already being used by cloud providers for the purpose of manifestation
a typical application that YAML file looks like this.
As you notice it has a very intuitive syntax for declaring properties in a real world application.
You would of course have supper that will open to moment and production environment.
This is yet the simplest representation of what it looks like in a normal configuration file.
And here's what this YAML configuration looks like.
As the properties file for a clear comparison basically same wearables represented with a different
syntax.
There is more to it than just properties and YAML files.
Spring enables us lots of other ways of providing configuration to our applications.
We can inject properties directly to our wearables.
We can use command line arguments we can use JVM arguments we can make use of and Wymans variables.
If we're running our application in a cloud environment then we can use weak Web services by the help
of spring cloud or if we need a specific configuration of our application.
We can take advantage of property injection and configuration classes of spring.
This is also the subject of our next section.
As you can see it's a huge list of alternatives.
In spring world just to configure your application it all depends on the environment that you run your
application and your specific needs.
You should know that all these alternatives are interchangeable.
All right I think you're now aware of your options when developing with spring in any and wireman to
talk more about configuration in spring.
I'll see you on the next video.